Shut up
Somebody catch him for me
What do you want?
Let me go, Lord War
Even if my two cousins are guilty
But my mother was a woman
He must know nothing.
Women's Tao
Come
Ye Qingmei, take a good look at this before talking
Ye Qingmei
Xiaoqing, you said that you have some purity at least
Why is the means of imperial management so daring?
You mother
There is a lot of use of your name outside
Greed for power and money
Show off your power
Difficult
Your Ye family has more than half of the staff
Use dirty tricks to seek the lives of soldiers
It's the end of the day
Empress
How could you do such a thing?
Is to take a bone
Daughter daughter
You please please
Please tell Lord Changcun
Otherwise, we'll be done together soon.
Clean it up.
What's wrong? What's wrong?
How can you forgive me?
Ye Qingmei, you have made great efforts to be your wife
Self-abusive height is handed down by me
Go to the deity the day after tomorrow and notify now.
Take away the rights of your god of war
Expulsion from the Temple